---
layout: post
title: Factions
---
Now after every game, I take out whichever notebook I happened to bring that day, and sit down at the computer. Scanning through my notes, I add !npc new Mirian Thunderfoot Halfling pie-seller, may be found anywhere in the Sea District. He was cell-mates with Gorlyn Mayhem and was able to escape when we broke Gorlyn out. . Now Mirian will be there whenever I need him. Next, !faction recruit Sea-District Mirian Thunderfoot . 
**Wait, what are factions??**
I wanted a very simple way to organize my NPCs, so that I could look through a list without being overwhelmed (although if you want to be overwhelmed, fell free to try !npc list after a year or so of gameplay!), so I added Factions. Not to be confused with Forgotten Realms’s Factions—such as the Harpers or Zhentarim—in Roll-O-Dex, Faction simply means any group, leaning towards groupings that provide some relevent information. So Mirian’s Faction, Sea District, is comprised of anyone living in or seen regularly in the Sea District ( !faction members Sea-District ), but you could also have a Faction called Enemies, or one that is a specifically named group, like Whitmore’s Arcane-Academy-PTA. If this is confusing or boring to you, skip it! It’s your bot! If you want to use Factions to only mean Forgotten Realms Factions, do it that way! If you want them to be called gangs instead, your choice! There are more commands for interacting with the bot, and the repository linked below has a list, as does the !more-help command ( !help only gives the four most basic commands).